# Alumini-Management-System
The main aim of the project is to build an interaction between alumni, admin and the students; a system that will be able to manage alumni data of a college and provide easy access to the same. The alumni will also be interested to maintain relations with their institutions. Alumni can communicate to the students regarding job opportunities and the students can share the department technology activities to the alumni. The alumni and the student can communicate only through the admin permission. A system that will be able to manage alumni data of a college and provide easy access to the system. Final year students will be initially given a student login ID. Access to the system can help them in building connections to their projects or for placements. The system will automatically list all Alumni information (name, passing year, company currently working in, ) and their status will be transferred from the student module to the alumni module.
The greatest asset any institution can have is the Alumni system. Alumni are the people who represent the institution in the real world. Alumni website is created for the students that have graduated from the institution. This is an online website that allows former students to take advantage of the benefits and services that an institution offers after graduation.

The alumni network is becoming important in the development of the institution because of their vast potential that benefits both the institution and the students. There are many benefits for being an alumni member of a college or institution . Some of these benefits are : keeping a person informed on the events that are organized by the institution, and when some important events are going to be held in the institution. Another benefit is that the information concerning a former student can easily be received and other members of the alumni community can be located without much stress. The student and alumni can communicate with each other.
